[docs] defaultLocale conflict when using root (#83)
withastro/starlight: docs/src/content/docs/guides/i18n.md

You can use a “root” locale to serve a language without any i18n prefix in its path. For example, if English is your root locale, an English page path might look like `/about` instead of `/en/about`.

> To set a root locale, use the `root` key in your `locales` config and remove `defaultLocale` (or set to `root`):

Reviewer: I might flesh this out just slightly. It is technically possible your default content is _not_ in the root (although pretty unlikely I’d expect).

```suggestion
To set a root locale, use the `root` key in your `locales` config. If the root locale is also the default locale for your content, remove `defaultLocale` or set it to `'root'`.
```
